
Ok, now the draft.  Given my previous message I think 4.3 is likely to get revised a bit along the lines:
- discuss Ca II metallicities (with the calibration issues, etc)
- discuss isochrone metallicities given Newburg distance.
- correlate these estimates
==> sample of most probable members  (and less likely, and probably not, members)
Then given the probable members, likely first revise distance estimate - will give minor adjustment to isochrone abundances.
Show isochrone fit.  Then in probably new section discuss:
a) metallicity spread of probable members - noting if significant, then expect progenitor likely dSph.  If small, then progenitor more likely a GC - as in Wylie de Boer et al 2012 ApJ 755 35 for Aquarius.  Probably can't say too much because will depend on confirmation of membership, e.g. the metal-poor star.  But we can speculate.
b) the line of site velocity dispersion - seemingly very small.  

More specific comments.  (Happy with responses to my earlier comments).

Abstract.  I think technically the AAT is still the Anglo-Australian Telescope despite the name change of the AAO.  May be stick with AAT?

Second last sentence of Abstract.  I'd prefer something like "The observed velocity dispersion of our highest probability members is consistent with arising from the velocity errors alone, indicating that, at least as regards the
line-of-sight, the Orphan Stream is kinematically quite cold.

top of right hand column page 1, first 4 lines:
"total low luminosity" ==> "low total luminosity"
"in reliably identifying" ==> "to separate reliably"
"will be detected" ==> "will be established"
and I think the Keller et al reference should go after "SkyMapper" rather than at the end of the sentence, although not a big issue.

Next para - maybe "Consequently, the fainter…"
maybe an "and" between Xue et al and Koposov et al rather than a semi-colon.
maybe "kinematic maps of these streams"  - we're not talking specifically of the OS here.

Last para:
"seven highly probable Orphan Stream candidates"  - the 'seven' might need changing.  It is after all 5 stars in section 5.

page 2, left column 3rd line.  Surely one of the discovery papers can fill "[citation needed]".

3 lines from the bottom: "discriminate dwarfs from giants"  (i.e. and ==> from)

2 lines from the bottom "spectra" is missing after "arm".

2nd paragraph of 4.1.  Think we need to say that "stars" in the Besancon models were selected in the same way as the observed sample, i.e. same colour and magnitude cuts.  (New Fig 1 is fine).

5th line of 4.2 on page 3 "narrow" ==> "narrower"

(Haven't made any specific comments on current 4.3 - not appropriate if it's going to be revised as I suggested).

2nd para of Section 5.  I think the words "brighter than our current limit of g ~ 18" need to go in after "members" as it doesn't quite make sense otherwise.  

3rd para - probably put "i.e., consistent with zero" after "0.3 +/- 3.3 kms-1".  Again the numbers might change if the sample of members changes.  And this actual paragraph will probably now come before the conclusions section.

OK, enough!

Cheers,
Gary




