Abstract:

1st line - prefer "...properties of candidate K-gaint members..."

Last line - prefer "We highlight likely members for..."

Introduction:

First two sentences are better combined as in "The Milky Way stellar halo has partly formed 
through the accretion of satellites which are disrupted by tidal forces as they fall into the
Milky Way's potential.

a couple of lines further down - prefer "Stream kinematics are sensitive..."

Next paragraph, 3rd line.  prefer change "unique" to "distinct" or "different" 

few lines further down.  prefer "the parent object" rather than just "the parent"

Next sentence. prefer "The stream extends past the celestial equator ... footprint but is not 
detected in existing southern surveys..."   (can't help with the citation needed, which should
be to the failure to detect the OS in southern surveys).

4/5 lines up from bottom of column - prefer "...Orphan Stream itself..."

2/3 lines at top of right hand column.  You have "and the low luminosity of stream members".
I'm confused because you could be trying to say one of two different things: a) that the 
Stream itself is of low total luminosity and so members are rare, or b) that the stream is 
quite distant so that the apparent magnitudes of the member stars are faint (even though their
luminosities might be high).  So this needs clarification. 

Final para of Intro.  3rd line.  Strictly we haven't "published" yet, prefer "catalogued"

Last 4 sentences - repetitive use of 'outline' and 'describe'.  And duplicate "following
section" and "Section 2".  Prefer:
In the following section we outline... selection.  In section 3 we describe the low
resolution spectroscopic observations.  The data analysis, ... is discussed in \S 4 and
in \S 5 the conclusions, predictions and future work are presented."

Section 2.

4th line, top of page 2, left column.  Don't need the "also" - "which makes it difficult".

Last paragraph - as presented it comes across as a bit of a red herring.  May be replace with
single sentence along the lines "The lack of 2MASS counterparts for the selected stars means 
we cannot use the (J-H, H-K) diagram to aid the separation of candidate giants from 
contaminating dwarfs."  At least don't build the expectation that you are going to do 
something, which you don't then do.

Section 3.  May be add "in the blue" in the second last line of the first para for symmetry.

first line next para:  prefer "standard" to "supplied".

4th line, top of right hand column.  Should indicate that the 3p-4s lines are in the blue
spectra or give wavelengths.  Or at least separate "b" from Mg I - maybe just call it the 
b-lines of Mg I in the blue?  (The "b" comes originally from Fraunhofer's description of the
solar spectrum - he simply labeled things he saw as "D", "b", "H","K", etc.  We now know what
these lines are, but he didn't).

Figure 1.  I'm not sure I follow this figure, which seems to have alternating white and grey
columns.  Surely they should be superposed - i.e. for a given velocity bin there is both an
observed number of stars and a predicted number.  May be show the observed numbers as a 
histogram and the model predictions as a series of linked points centred on the bin midpoints?

Also, presumably all this applies to the combined data for both fields?  Not sure we actually
say that anywhere.

Last para of 4.1, second sentence.  Prefer "To isolate potential Orphan Stream members we
have nominated..."

4.2 - 1st sentence.  probably should give Battaglia & Starkenburg (2012) a ref at the end
of this sentence.

last line - maybe "weaker" rather than "narrower"?

Sentence starting 4th last line of left column on page 3.  Uses "inclusive" twice.  May be
something like - "Admittedly this selection criterion is not particularly strict, but..."

3rd line, right hand column on page 3.  You have "As expected"  Not sure why I would expect
the S/N at 5175 in the blue spectra to be lower than the S/N at 8807 in the red spectra.
If anything I'd expect the opposite.  I'd suggest dropping the first two sentences and
rephrasing it to say that the equivalent analysis on the Mg b-lines gives essentially
similar results.  No real need to say which we did first.

4.3 - first para.  A citation you could use for the stuff for stars fainter than g-g_HB ~ 0
is Saviane et al (2012, A&A).  And I wouldn't say the situation is "dire", rather it's
uncalibrated.  May be say that the application of the existing calibration becomes 
significantly inappropriate (or something like that) for the fainter mags.

Also, while I will have to think about this more, to me if the relation between line strength
and luminosity flattens at fainter magnitudes - i.e. line strength doesn't decrease as much
as you'd expect from brighter stars - then I think if you applied the calibration based on
brighter stars then you'd get a higher metallicity than what the star actually is.
Hopefully (if I'm right) this doesn't change anything.  What I've inferred is also consistent
with the corrections applied in section 5.

Figure 3 and the text in second para.  Indeed it does look like there are 4 candidates
brighter than 17.1 (assuming you're plotting g_o vs (g-r)_0 as you said earlier all photometry
is dereddened).  But looks to me like only 1 of the 4 is too metal-rich, the one at g ~ 17
and g-r ~ 0.57.  But you say "Two stars...".  There is another red point at g ~17.2 and
g-r ~ 0.5.  All I'm saying is the text and the figure need to agree.

I could be picky and say that dSphs have wide abundance ranges and so a metal-richer object
is just as likely to be a member as the metal-poor object, although it's not in the right
place on the isochrone for the inferred metallicity.  But if it was younger, then it would be
bluer without affecting the inferred line strength metallicity too much.  Lucky I'm not quite
that picky but the referee might be.  Probably should quantify "slightly metal-rich than
expected for the Stream".  And you're weighting the Newberg abundance result strongly.

Citation for dSphs abundance dispersions could be Tafelmeyer et al 2010 or Tolstoy et al
2009 ARAA.

first line, left column, page 4.  You need to define what "over-represented" is in respect
too.

Next paragraph.  OK so it's getting late in the day, but the sentence "Assuming..." is
confusing.  I think what you've done is correct the inferred metallicities from the line
strengths for the 3 fainter circled green dots in Fig 3 by 0.1 dex and then average these
3 corrected abundances with the value for the brightest circled green dot.  If that's correct
then it needs to be clearer.  But might be better to say that for the brightest green
circled dot, the abundance from the line strength is in good agreement with the isochrone
value, and for the fainter three the inferred line strength abundance is also consistent
with the isochrone, though the line strength abundances are less certain.
Not clear to me that you can really apply a fixed offset.  And given the uncertainty in the
offset for 3 or 4 stars used to get -1.74 +/- 0.05, I'd have to say I'm little sceptical 
about the 0.05 listed error.  You might see if you can plot the stars in Fig. 4 of Saviane
et al 2012 because the stars we observed fainter than V-V_HB = 0 are close in metallicity to 
what you're inferring - i.e. might be able to get a direct abundance.

A lot of things in this section are quite dependent on what the average metallicity of
these 4 stars really is, so we need to be sure of the number.

Last part of this paragraph.  How good is Newberg's abundance?  It might be that -2.1 and
-1.75 aren't all that different.  I'd also be careful about inferring too much about BHB
stars necessarily being a more metal-poor pop.  That may be true but there are plenty of
globular clusters with [Fe/H] = -1.7 that have strong blue HBs.  HB morphology is a can
of worms - metallicity and age are only two of many things that drive it.  

Paragraph "If the Orphan Stream" in right hand column on page 4.  Careful again - when you
same "more numerous" you could mean that the density of the stream is higher.  What I think
you actually mean is that because the stream is closer, there will be more giants brighter
than some apparent magnitude (i.e. more stars that can be observed at high dispersion).
And of course this may not be true if the density of the stream is less in this region.

Last paragraph "accompanying paper".  Are the papers really going to go in together (in which
case why are they separate?)?  Better to use "forthcoming paper".

Section 6 - acknowledgements are not normally a separate section.  Please also add the
current SkyMapper DP grant to the list - DP120101237.

Final point.  If you look at the V_GSR values for the 5 highly probable members in Table 1,
then it is notable that the implied intrinsic velocity dispersion of the values is likely 
very small.
This is worth commenting on, probably at the end of Section 4.  The velocity of OSS6
is sufficiently uncertain that it doesn't carry much weight but for these 5 stars
and assuming the errors as given in a likelihood calculation, the mean velocity is 
82 +/- 1.6 kms-1 and the intrinsic dispersion is 0.3 +/- 3.3 kms-1.  
For the 4 stars with low errors the intrinsic dispersion is formally 0.0 +/- 2.4 kms-1.  
At least in terms of these stars and the line of sight velocities this is a very cold stream 
(implies motion mostly perpendicular to the line of sight?).  Definitely deserves mention.

Done!

-----------------
